So I think when a lot of people here in this question like, who would
you like to meet? They probably think of celebrities, Um, maybe Eddie
Murphy or, uh, Michael Jordan or something, you know, people that
they look up to. But I think people are just people. I don't really
have any interest in meeting most celebrities. Um, what I would like
to do is, um, meet this girl that I had met, Um ah, couple of times
back in Japan, so far, I've been stuck here in this room, um, during
coronavirus, basically, just when you're in my life just just sitting
here doing, um, uh, college and playing video games and stuff. So
I kind of But take that opportunity to kind of, like go to Japan.
That's where she is and kind of say, you know what? Like, um, I've been
talking to you online. It would be really nice if we could just
have a coffee and just talk a little bit. So coronavirus kind of like
a makes me answer it that way.